Added link to German Baikal Tutorial (#956)
sabre-io/Baikal: README.md

Head to [sabre.io/baikal][2] for information about installation, upgrading and troubleshooting.

> A German Tutorial about installation of Baïkal, using it together with Thunderbird, Android and DavX5, using calendars together/calendar sharing and such as database maintanance and security can be found [here][6].  

Reviewer: Tutorial -> tutorial

Furthermore I don't get the sentence itself: .... , using calendars together/calendar sharing and such as ...

Thanks a lot!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A German Tutorial about installation of Baïkal, using it together with Thunderbird, Android and DavX5, sharing calendars, database maintenance and security can be found [here][6].  
```
Maybe text like this?

Author: > using calendars together/calendar sharing 

This refers to https://github.com/sabre-io/Baikal/issues/875#issuecomment-598901532
How would you express this?
